Doc 2082 Update Node Management Console docs to indicate expected behavior depending on how the node is stopped (#478)
corda/corda-docs: content/en/docs/corda-enterprise/4.8/node/management-console/_index.md

* The buttons and toggle do not display.
* The unavailable node information shows as `---`.

{{% note %}}
If you need to stop a node, use the Node Management Console. If you use the command line, the node will still appear in the console because Corda does not poll the node to see if it is still connected.

> {{% /note%}}

Reviewer: You could mention that when the browser is refreshed, the page will be updated to reflect the correct status of the node.

Author: I seem to have committed some extra files here, I will start over and incorporate this change!

> {{% note %}}
> If you need to stop a node, use the Node Management Console. If you use the command line, the node will still appear in the console because Corda does not poll the node to see if it is still connected.
> {{% /note%}}

Author: ```suggestion
{{% note %}}
If you stop a node from the command line, the node will still appear in the console because Corda does not poll the node to see if it is still connected. Refresh the page to show the correct status. 
{{% /note%}}
```

* The buttons and toggle do not display.
* The unavailable node information shows as `---`.

{{% note %}}

> If you need to stop a node, use the Node Management Console. If you use the command line, the node will still appear in the console because Corda does not poll the node to see if it is still connected.
> {{% /note%}}

Author: ```suggestion
If you stop a node from the command line, the node will still appear in the console because Corda does not poll the node to see if it is still connected. Refresh the page to show the correct status. 
{{% /note%}}
```

Reviewer 2: I was going to comment on this since it's different than the other PR. If you commit this, then all good :)
